Deprecate the Checkbox's `children` prop (#1996)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/olive-mugs-wait.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': minor
---

> Deprecated the Checkbox's `children` prop. Use the `label` prop instead. This matches the RadioButton component.

Reviewer: Nit, current wording is also fine. Just thought we could mention that `label` has been added. But maybe that makes the whole thing less clear.

```suggestion
Added an optional `label` prop to the `Checkbox` component, and deprecated the legacy `children` prop. The `label` prop will become required in v7. This aligns with the `RadioButton` component's API.
```

> Added an optional `label` prop to the `Checkbox` component, and deprecated the legacy `children` prop. The `label` prop will become required in v7. This aligns with the `RadioButton` component's API.

Author: ```suggestion
Added an optional `label` prop to the `Checkbox` component, and deprecated the legacy `children` prop. The `label` prop will become required in the next major version. This aligns with the `RadioButton` component's API.
```
